The statement about employing multiple computer cores to filter a list using parallelStream() in Java is accurate and highlights a key feature
of Java's Stream API which can lead to increased performance for certain tasks, especially with large datasets. Here’s a more detailed explanation:

    1)Parallel Processing:
The parallelStream() method allows you to process elements in parallel using multiple threads. This means that the operation
can take advantage of multicore processors where different cores handle different parts of the list simultaneously.

    2)How It Works:
When you call parallelStream() on a collection (like a list of books), Java divides the collection into smaller chunks.
Each chunk is processed by a separate thread, typically using the Fork/Join framework.
Each thread will be filtering books (checking if their titles start with "E") concurrently.
The results from each thread are combined at the end.

example:
books.parallelStream()
     .filter(book -> book.getTitle().startsWith("E"))
     .forEach(System.out::println);

    3)Increased Performance:
For large lists, the parallelized operation can lead to significant performance improvements because it effectively distributes
processing across available CPU cores. Instead of a single thread iterating over each book one by one, multiple threads can work on
different subsets of the list simultaneously.
This can reduce processing time, especially for CPU-bound operations (like filtering), as the workload is distributed.

    4)Considerations:
While parallel streams can offer performance benefits, they are not always faster. Performance improvements depend on:
* Dataset Size: Parallel processing often shows more benefit with larger datasets.
* CPU Resources: The number of available cores and how CPU-bound or I/O-bound the operations are.
* Overhead: Managing multiple threads can introduce overhead. If the task is small or the overhead outweighs the benefits, then a sequential stream might be faster.
* Thread Safety: Operations within the pipeline should be stateless and thread-safe since multiple threads will access shared resources.

    5)Real-World Application:
Using parallelStream() is particularly beneficial in situations where you are working with large collections and need to perform operations that
can be parallelized, such as filtering, mapping, or complex calculations.

